Update Webhook connections documentations (#6145)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/alerts/webhook-connections/opsgenie.md

This section demonstrates how to create a webhook connection from Sumo Logic to Opsgenie.

1. [**New UI**](/docs/get-started/sumo-logic-ui). In the main Sumo Logic menu select **Monitoring > Connections**. You can also click the **Go To...** menu at the top of the screen and select **Connections**. <br/>[**Classic UI**](/docs/get-started/sumo-logic-ui-classic). In the main Sumo Logic menu, select **Manage Data > Monitoring > Connections**. 
1. On the **Connections** page, click **+ Add**.
1. For **Connection Type**, select **Opsgenie** from the dropdown.
1. In the **Connection Settings** dialog, enter:
    * **Name**. Enter a name for the Connection.

>     * (Optional) **Description**. Enter a Description for the Connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * **Name**. Enter a name for the connection.
    * (Optional) **Description**. Enter a description for the connection.
```

    * **URL**. Enter the **Integration Url** from Opsgenie into the **URL** field.
    * (Optional) **Authorization Header**. Enter an authorization header, which may include an authorization token.
    * (Optional) **Custom Headers**. Enter up to five comma separated key-value pairs.
    * (Optional) **Priority**. Opsgenie uses the **Priority** value to define the priority of alerts. Edits to the **Priority** value are automatically updated in the JSON payload and vice versa.

> 1. The following JSON is the default **Alert Payload**, you can customize it as needed. For details on variables you can use as parameters within your JSON object, see [Webhook Payload Variables](set-up-webhook-connections.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The following JSON is the default **Alert Payload**, you can customize it as needed. For details on variables you can use as parameters within your JSON object, see [Configure Webhook payload variables](/docs/alerts/webhook-connections/set-up-webhook-connections/#configure-webhook-payload-variables).
```
